add enabling rocrate locally (#5257)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/fair/tutorials/ro-crate-in-galaxy/tutorial.md

This tutorial will show you how to generate Galaxy-based [Workflow Run RO-Crate](https://w3id.org/ro/crate/) after running the workflow.

{% include _includes/cyoa-choices.html option1="Locally" option2="Not_locally" default="Not_locally"
       text="Are you running Galaxy locally ?" %}
       
<div class="Locally" markdown="1">

## Enable RO-Crate on your local instance
> <hands-on-title>Update your galaxy configuration</hands-on-title>

> > - Go to where your galaxy folder is in your computer
> > - In galaxy -> config you will find a file galaxy.yml open it 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Go to where your Galaxy folder is in your computer
> - In your root Galaxy folder navigate to the `config` folder where a the `galaxy.yml` should be located. Please open it.
> - (In case you only find a `galaxy.yml.sample` file, copy this one and name it `galaxy.yml`) 
```

> > - under the galaxy section add `enable_celery_tasks: true` your file should at least be like that (of course you can other configuration lines under galaxy) :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - make sure the option `enable_celery_tasks` is set to `true`:
```
